--- 
layout: post 
title: MLM is Like MMA
date: 2020-09-08 14:32
Tags: [ uncategorized, blog ]
permalink: /mma/ 
cover: cover.jpg
author: Kevin Olega 
--- 
Business is like MMA.

MMA stands for Mixed Martial Arts.

You need to find prospects.

You need to get the prospects attention.

You need to present to prospects.

You need to sell to prospects.

You need to close deals.

You need to manage your resources.

You need to manage your schedule.

You need to follow up on your prospects.

You need to train your team.

You need to organize events.

You need to monitor and track productivity.

You need to eliminate time wasters.

You need to multiply output.

You need to be good at maintaining a large database of prospects and clients.

You need to be good at designing and optimizing your business process and daily routines.

You need to plan whole calendars instead of days.
30 sentences about
30 List of Skills        
30 list of good habits
30 sentences about my biggest win
30 sentences about my favorite skill
30 sentences about my biggest failure
30 sentences about my favorite boss
30 sentences about my favorite movie
30 sentences about my favorite mentor
30 sentences about my favorite book
30 sentences about my favorite family member
30 sentences about my favorite restaurant
30 sentences about my childhood
30 sentences about my school days
30 sentences about my career
30 sentnnces about my favorite non-work skill
30 sentences about my thoughts on career advancement.
30 sentences about my thoughts on being a good person.
30 sentences about advice I should follow.
30 sentences about bad habits I need to stop.
30 sentences about my diet.
30 sentences about my favorite pair of shoes.
30 sentences about my computer.
30 sentences about my cellphone.
30 sentences about Mitzi.
30 sentences about my favorite food.
30 sentences about journalling
30 sentences about my dream job.
30 sentences about my 
30 sentences about my bike
30 sentences about owning a car
30 sentences about living on your own.
30 sentences about minimalism.
30 sentences about my apple watch.
30 sentences about selling
30 sentences about writing
30 sentences about discipline
30 sentences about aikido
30 sentences about martial arts
30 sentences about boxing
30 sentences about yawyan
30 sentences about crossfit
30 sentences about Meg
30 sentences about Derek
30 sentences about Nolan
30 sentences about Coach Jumbo
30 sentences about Coach Jason
30 sentences about jordan peterson
30 sentences about Tim Ferriss
30 sentences about pastor robert
30 sentences about pastor BJ
30 sentences about allan watts.
You need to be good with numbers.

You need to be goood with negotiation.

You need to be good with delegation.

You may need to hire an assistant.

You may need to hire a driver.

You may need to hire a housekeeper.

What is MMA like?

You are allowed to punch.

You are allowed to kick.

You are allowed to use knees and elbows.

You are allowed to grapple.

You need cario.

You need strength training.

You need flexibility.

It's not just one discipline.

Both requires a lot of skills working together to achieve a bigger result.

If a person is saying it's easy, that person is likely lying to you.